---
title: Why?
description: The reasons behind Create Lx2 App.
links: { doc: https://create.t3.gg/en/why }
---

## Why does Create Lx2 App exist?

For the love of the game.

But seriously, I found myself creating the same boilerplate code when starting
new projects. This made me look for a solution to my problem. Initially, I found
[Create T3 App](https://create.t3.gg/), which I used for a while. However, I
found that I had different opinions on project structure and configuration,
which led me to create my own project scaffolding tool, tailored to me.

This was the primary motivation behind it, but to be completely honest, I also
wanted to create something that I could share with others and potentially build
a community around.

## Why the name "Lx2"?

The name "Lx2" is a nod to my initials, "Lasse Lammers," with the "x2"
symbolizing the two "L"s in my name.

It's a personal touch that reflects my identity and it has a nice ring to it.

## Why Next.js?

This is a no-brainer for me. I learned web dev with React and found Next.js not
long after. It has a great developer experience, a strong community, and a lot
of features. My brain just works so well with the React component model and many
of the Next.js conventions, so it's my go-to framework for web apps.

## Why TypeScript?

At this point, I can't imagine myself working without TypeScript. I have tried.
I just love the safety and developer experience it provides. Also,
`create-lx2-app` was originally called
[`create-tnt-stack`](https://v1.tntstack.org), where "tnt" stood for TypeScript,
Next.js, and Tailwind CSS. TypeScript was a core part of the stack from the
beginning, and therefore it remains a core and non-negotiable part of the Lx2
stack.

## Why [insert other technology]?

Each technology added to the Lx2 stack was chosen because I use it frequently,
or I found it to be a great fit for the stack. A great example of the latter is
`Drizzle ORM`. I exclusively use `Prisma ORM`, but I know that many people love
Drizzle, so I took the time to learn about it and included it as an option in
the stack.
